Do you speak Italian, and do you have great product knowledge about kids’ fashion in Italy? Would you like to contribute to the development of name it’s position in the Italian market? Then you may be just the one we are looking for to take on an exciting position in our dynamic sales team! We are on the lookout for a structured Country Sales & Product Responsible with strong product knowledge, excellent coordination skills and professional proficiency in Italian to support our Sales Manager and sales team in Italy.The job As Country Sales & Product Responsible, your primary responsibility is to ensure the right product package for the Italian marked through knowledge about the market needs and collaboration with our sales teams with the purpose of ensuring name it’s growth in the Italian market. You will be responsible for reaching the budget for the country by proactively identifying and covering product and sales gaps through product cooperation, sales initiatives and stock control. You are in close dialogue with our Sales Responsible and the rest of the sales team in Italy, which makes you an important advisor and sounding board. At the same time, you carry out a variety of day-to-day product and sales related assignments and administrative tasks across the department.AssignmentsDevelop the right product for Italy in the collections Organise and participate in collection meetings in Denmark and ItalyContinuous dialogue, feedback and knowledge sharing with the Sales Responsible in Italy Day-to-day support to our sales team in ItalyPrepare and monitor budgets and close gapsManage order processing and follow up on orders and stockImplement promotional sales and product initiativesDevelop and follow up on various sales statistics and reports in ExcelVarious administrative tasks.Qualifications Experience from a similar positionSolid knowledge about kids’ fashion in ItalyExperience in working with kids’ wear in ItalyProduct and result drivenSolid numeracy Experience with Microsoft Office, especially ExcelFluent in Italian and English written as well as spoken - proficiency in Danish is an advantage, but not a requirement.Your background We are looking for an independent and structured initiator who thrives in building the right product for the Italian market. You are able to see the big picture while creating structure in a creative and dynamic environment. With your strong communication and interpersonal skills, you perform well in a position where your ability to reach out and proactively create and maintain relationships is the key to your success.  It is important that you are experienced in analysing budgets and sales figures with the aim of optimising sales and product initiatives as the job includes breakdown of figures and product coordination. Furthermore, you have a natural interest in the latest trends and you know what is happening in the fashion industry. Taking responsibility for achieving the best results in cooperation with your team comes naturally to you. We are looking forward to hearing from you For further information, you are welcome to contact Lone Rauff on phone +45 25 51 32 40. Otherwise, please send us your application and CV as soon as possible and no later than 29 August 2018. We handle applications on an ongoing basis and reserve the right to take down the ad, when we find the right candidate.  Workplace: Brande, Denmark.  Travel activity is an exciting part of the job and will vary between 35 to 50 days a year.  About NAME IT - INSPIRED BY KIDS For more than 30 years, NAME IT has been encouraged by children’s straightforwardness and energy. We see the world through the eyes of children and our creativity is rooted in their loving and free spirit.  At NAME IT we design clothes which allow children to express their own personality. We are proud to have a selection that features a full range of kids clothing from underwear to outerwear, always with a particular focus on our core products; jeans and outerwear.    In every piece of clothing, functionality, safety, quality and responsibility are our main priorities.     NAME IT is part of the worldwide fashion company BESTSELLER and is represented in more than 20 countries with a variety of retail shops and wholesale customers. For more information, please go to http://www.nameit.com or http://www.about.bestseller.com.